Update ingest-data-event-hub.md (#1321)
MicrosoftDocs/dataexplorer-docs: data-explorer/ingest-data-event-hub.md

    >
    > * You don't have to specify all **Default routing settings**. Partial settings are also accepted.
    > * Only events enqueued after you create the data connection are ingested.

>     > * The Mapping name is case sensitive. Any mismatch might result in no ingested records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > * The mapping name is case-sensitive. A mismatch in mapping name will result in records not being ingested.
```
